Add supporting schema creation/deletion can be called from program (#366)
scalar-labs/scalardb: schema-loader/README.md

}
```

### Create/Delete tables:
The main component of `schema-loader` is `SchemaOperator`, we will use an instance of this class for creating/deleting schema.
There are several ways to create `SchemaOperator` instance using [`SchemaOperatorFactory`](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/schema-loader/src/main/java/com/scalar/db/schemaloader/core/SchemaOperatorFactory.java)

The typical way is passing a path to the Scalar DB configuration file `database.properties`

```java
public class SchemaLoaderSample {
  public static int main(String... args) throws IOException, SchemaOperatorException {
    String configPath = "database.properties";
    String schemaFile = "sample_schema.json";

    Map<String, String> metaOptions = new HashMap<>();

    metaOptions.put(
        CassandraAdmin.REPLICATION_STRATEGY, ReplicationStrategy.SIMPLE_STRATEGY.toString());
    metaOptions.put(CassandraAdmin.COMPACTION_STRATEGY, CompactionStrategy.LCS.toString());
    metaOptions.put(CassandraAdmin.REPLICATION_FACTOR, "1");

    metaOptions.put(DynamoAdmin.REQUEST_UNIT, "1");
    metaOptions.put(DynamoAdmin.NO_SCALING, "true");
    metaOptions.put(DynamoAdmin.NO_BACKUP, "true");

>     SchemaOperator operator = SchemaOperatorFactory.getSchemaOperator(configPath, true);

Reviewer: Can you please change this interface to something like the following:
```
SchemaLoader.load(File jsonFile, Map<String, String> options);
SchemaLoader.load(String jsonString, Map<String, String> options);
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. Applied it in [commit](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/366/commits/d1cd8db9cb47fbec4edf0cfce6daf996a711ba5f)

| BLOB | VARBINARY(64) | | RAW(64) | |

If this data type mapping doesn't match your application, please alter the tables to change the data types after creating them with this tool.

## Using Schema Loader in your program

> You can check `schema-loader` from [maven central repository](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.scalar-labs/scalardb-schema-loader).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the versions of `schema-loader` from [maven central repository](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.scalar-labs/scalardb-schema-loader).
```

For example in Gradle, you can add the following dependency to your build.gradle. Please replace the `<version>` with the version you want to use.
```gradle
dependencies {
    implementation group: 'com.scalar-labs', name: 'scalardb-schema-loader', version: '<version>'
}
```

> ### Create/Delete tables:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Create and delete tables
```

> You can create/delete tables that defined in the schema using SchemaLoader by simply passing Scalar DB configuration file, schema and additional options if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create and delete tables that are defined in the schema using SchemaLoader by passing Scalar DB configuration file, schema, and additional options if needed as shown below.
```

```java
public class SchemaLoaderSample {
  public static int main(String... args) throws SchemaLoaderException {
    Path configFilePath = Paths.get("database.properties");
    Path schemaFilePath = Paths.get("sample_schema.json");
    boolean createCoordinatorTable = true;
    boolean deleteCoordinatorTable = true;

    Map<String, String> options = new HashMap<>();

    options.put(
        CassandraAdmin.REPLICATION_STRATEGY, ReplicationStrategy.SIMPLE_STRATEGY.toString());
    options.put(CassandraAdmin.COMPACTION_STRATEGY, CompactionStrategy.LCS.toString());
    options.put(CassandraAdmin.REPLICATION_FACTOR, "1");

    options.put(DynamoAdmin.REQUEST_UNIT, "1");
    options.put(DynamoAdmin.NO_SCALING, "true");
    options.put(DynamoAdmin.NO_BACKUP, "true");

    // Create tables
    SchemaLoader.load(configFilePath, schemaFilePath, options, createCoordinatorTable);

    // Delete tables
    SchemaLoader.unload(configFilePath, schemaFilePath, options, deleteCoordinatorTable);

    return 0;
  }
}
```

> You can also create/delete a schema by passing a serialized schema json string (raw string value from schema file)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also create and delete a schema by passing a serialized schema JSON string (the raw text of a schema file).
```

```
// Create tables
SchemaLoader.load(configFilePath, serializedSchemaJson, options, createCoordinatorTable);

// Delete tables
SchemaLoader.unload(configFilePath, serializedSchemaJson, options, deleteCoordinatorTable);
```

> For Scalar DB configuration, a `Properties` object can be used as well 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For Scalar DB configuration, a `Properties` object can be used as well.
```
